task.md, before:

<!-- TASKS  TO BE DONE-->
1. [x] Fetch Supplier Products Regularly (Function already been made just use it for further  functionality)(Just update price and stock of product). (DONE)
- [x] kroll
- [] ssi
- [] rothco
- [] rsrgroup

1.2 Update functionality (PENDING)
- [x] kroll
- [] ssi
- [] rothco
- [] rsrgroup

2.[x] Show products of suppliers. (DONE)
3.[x] Add a Upload product Button to add product from suplier to wordpress. (DONE)
4.[]  Wordpress upload products stocks should be automatic upadate. (DONE ONLY TESTING REMAINS)
    (PENDING) BY wpid iski price, sales price, and stock check kro  if changing found then updat eall. IN first sync of main.py
    - After it wordpress products will be sync.

    (Pending) Get all products from wordpress table whose supplier is not None. Check file of supplier.py for if else condition.
    Loop through all products
        if supplier product is in kroll table
            search throuh sku and check supplier upadated at is > than wordpress updated at then go forward else not. noe if greater teh update stock.


5.[] Make another scraper for another supplier. (PENDING)

Commit message:

wordpress stock and price update

task.md, after:

<!-- TASKS  TO BE DONE-->
1. [x] Fetch Supplier Products Regularly (Function already been made just use it for further  functionality)(Just update price and stock of product). (DONE)
- [x] kroll
- [] ssi
- [] rothco
- [] rsrgroup

1.2 Update functionality (PENDING)
- [x] kroll
- [] ssi
- [] rothco
- [] rsrgroup

2.[x] Show products of suppliers. (DONE)
3.[x] Add a Upload product Button to add product from suplier to wordpress. (DONE)
4.[]  Wordpress upload products stocks should be automatic upadate. (DONE ONLY TESTING REMAINS)
    (PENDING) BY wpid iski price, sales price, and stock check kro  if changing found then updat ecall. IN first sync of main.py
    - After it wordpress products will be sync.

    (Pending) Get all products from wordpress table whose supplier is not None. Check file of supplier.py for if else condition.
    Loop through all products
        if supplier product is in kroll table
            search throuh sku and check supplier upadated at is > than wordpress updated at then go forward else not. noe if greater teh update stock.


5.[] Make another scraper for another supplier. (PENDING)

SSI ON SUPPLIER
let wordpress and SUPPLIER sync 
Koi ek product sync
Again waut for SUPPLIER to sync
increase stock directly from db
